README.md, before:

Lightning Components for Salesforce1
===============================

Here is a set of lightning components to that you can use in Salesforce1 and Lightning Experience. Many of these components can also be used in Communities or within Visualforce pages as-is or with minor edits. All these components are compatible with Locker Service

----------

Components
-------------

 1. **[ListFetcher](https://github.com/kumarrk21/ListViewer)** - Fetch any list view for an object in Salesforce1; didn't access the list in full site, no worries, you can use this component to access the lists in Salesforce1 even if it was not accessed through the full site
 2. **[PDF Viewer](https://github.com/kumarrk21/PDFViewer)** - Here is a component to view any PDF content using the PDF.JS library.
 3. **[Qoute PDF](https://github.com/kumarrk21/S1QuotePDF)** - Use this package to enable your users to generate PDFs for quotes on the go, using Salesforce1.
 4. **[Lookup](https://github.com/kumarrk21/LookupComponent)** - Use this component for single and multi-select lookup fields with customized filtering capabilities
 5. **[Event Invites](https://github.com/kumarrk21/S1EventsInvite)** - Use this component for adding invitees to events in Salesforce1

Commit message:

Updated Readme with Mobile Pagelayouts
Signed-off-by: KK Ramamoorthy <kumarrk21@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

Lightning Components for Salesforce1
===============================

Here is a set of lightning components to that you can use in Salesforce1 and Lightning Experience. Many of these components can also be used in Communities or within Visualforce pages as-is or with minor edits. All these components are compatible with Locker Service

----------

Components
-------------

 1. **[Mobile Pagelayouts](https://github.com/kumarrk21/S1PageLayouts)** - Use this component to dynamically generate mobile specific/friendly page layouts for standard and custom object records. You can even generate pages for objects that are not supported in Salesforce1, for e.g., Entitlements.
 2. **[List Fetcher](https://github.com/kumarrk21/ListViewer)** - Fetch any list view for an object in Salesforce1; didn't access the list in full site, no worries, you can use this component to access the lists in Salesforce1 even if it was not accessed through the full site
 3. **[PDF Viewer](https://github.com/kumarrk21/PDFViewer)** - Here is a component to view any PDF content using the PDF.JS library.
 4. **[Qoute PDF](https://github.com/kumarrk21/S1QuotePDF)** - Use this package to enable your users to generate PDFs for quotes on the go, using Salesforce1.
 5. **[Lookup](https://github.com/kumarrk21/LookupComponent)** - Use this component for single and multi-select lookup fields with customized filtering capabilities
 6. **[Event Invites](https://github.com/kumarrk21/S1EventsInvite)** - Use this component for adding invitees to events in Salesforce1
